doc: README bootloader update (#8831)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bootloader/README.rst

Counter values are kept as slots in the flash memory, with each new counter value occupying a new slot.
See :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SB_MONOTONIC_COUNTER` for more details.

You can set the counter value for different elements in the bootloader sequence.

> For example, if your sample has both nRF Secure Immutable Bootloader (``b0``) and MCUboot (``b1``), you need to change the configuration value for the MCUboot by using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FW_INFO_FIRMWARE_VERSION` option.

Reviewer: Hi, Is the process you are highlighting here the one mentioned in this page?
https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/ug_multi_image.html#ug-multi-image-variables

"You can make a project pass Kconfig configuration files, fragments, and devicetree overlays to child images by placing them in the child_image folder in the application source directory. The listing below describes how to leverage this functionality, where ACI_NAME is the name of the child image to which the configuration will be applied."

> For example, if your sample has both nRF Secure Immutable Bootloader (``b0``) and MCUboot (``b1``), you need to change the configuration value for the MCUboot by using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FW_INFO_FIRMWARE_VERSION` option.

Reviewer 2: @FrancescoSer Yes, that is the same process. However, I find the beginning of that section confusing because they're mixing defines and kconfig, and using `cmake` instead of `west`. So if linking here, I think we should state explicitly that it's the part about the `child_image` folder that is relevant.

> However, in order to specify :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FW_INFO_FIRMWARE_VERSION` for the MCUboot image you have to create a ``child_image`` folder in the project directory.

Reviewer 2: Strictly speaking you don't _have_ to create a `child_image` folder, but _I_ think that is the most relevant method for this specific use-case (monotonic counter version for mcuboot).

```suggestion
However, in order to specify :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FW_INFO_FIRMWARE_VERSION` for the MCUboot image:
* Create a ``child_image`` folder in the project directory if it doesn't exist already.
* Create a file named ``mcuboot.conf`` in the ``child_image`` directory.
* Add the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FW_INFO_FIRMWARE_VERSION` option to this file.
```

Author: updated

> For more information regarding the child image configuration refer to :ref:`ug_multi_image_build_scripts` section.

Reviewer 2: I think the link goes to the wrong section. Shouldn't it go to [Image-specific variables](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-8831/nrf/ug_multi_image.html#image-specific-variables)? Ideally the paragraph that starts with «You can make a project pass Kconfig configuration files, ...» if that is possible.

Author: reference updated

.. code-block::

   CONFIG_FW_INFO_FIRMWARE_VERSION=<integer>

.. note::

>    You can also set the counter value for the application upgrade, by using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_IMAGE_VERSION` option.

Reviewer 2: I'm afraid this sentence can confuse more than it helps unless we add more details. As far as I understand, it's not for the application image, but the MCUboot image. I don't know the full details of it, but I think it's only a string value that you can access from the application and log to console or report to the cloud. This is typically used to verify that a device booted and reported the new version number after the upgrade completed. This is the help string from the kconfig definition:
> Value to be passed as 'version' argument to 'imgtool.py' when
	  creating signed image. Note that no semantics are connected to
	  this variable. It does not provide downgrade prevention, and is only
	  valuable for debugging purposes. Format: maj.min.rev+build with
	  latter parts optional.
